Update README.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/Sign-PDF-documents-with-a-certificate-stored-on-a-user-s-hardware-device: README.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T1052692)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# PDF Document API - Sign a PDF document with a certificate stored on a hardware device

> The DevExpress [PDF Document API](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/16491/pdf-document-api) library allows you to retrieve a certificate from a hardware device (Windows certificate store, SmartCard, USB Token, etc.). This example demonstrates how to use a certificate stored on a user's machine. You can also adapt this solution to sign documents using certificates from any physical store.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DevExpress [PDF Document API](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/16491/pdf-document-api) library allows you to retrieve a certificate from a hardware device (such as Windows certificate store, SmartCard, USB Token). This example demonstrates how to use a certificate stored on a user's machine. You can also adapt this solution to sign documents using certificates from any physical store.  
```
just confirming that the list in the parenthesis is of the hardware devices since you placed it there.
